Add node settings to provide default JWT configuration (#16763)
crate/crate: docs/admin/auth/methods.rst

``username`` - user name in a third party app.

The token's ``iss``, ``username`` and ``aud`` values must match the
corresponding values within CrateDB.
CrateDB uses either the values defined on a user level via ``CREATE USER`` or if
absent the global configuration.

``aud`` defaults to the cluster id if absent from both the user definition
and the global configuration.

> See :ref:`create-user-jwt` and :ref:`jwt_defaults` for details.

Reviewer: Can you explain a bit more what happens. If I have a JWT token that matches the global setting, then what? Do I become the _crate admin user?

Author: If you have a JWT token that matches the global setting, you will be authenticated as a user that specified in token’s “username” claim.

And even knowing global setting for issuer doesn’t mean we put “crate” to the username and auth as a superuser. Or say we know a name of  “some_admin_user” and cannot use it in the token.

Lookup will find “candidate CrateDB user to auth”, claims will match but signature check would fail. We can generate some valid but fake token but it will be signed by some custom private key (because we don't know private keys of the side issuing tokens). https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/245258/why-cant-i-generate-my-own-jwt-to-fake-authentication

``username`` - user name in a third party app.

The token's ``iss``, ``username`` and ``aud`` values must match the
corresponding values within CrateDB.

CrateDB uses :ref:`jwt_defaults` if they are defined or values defined on a

> CrateDB uses the cluster-wide :ref:`jwt_defaults` if they are configured. If no cluster defaults are defined, it will use the values specified at the individual user level via the ``CREATE USER`` statement.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this, what is meant with `... or values defined on a CrateDB uses the cluster-wide...`?

Author: I applied suggestion from https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/16763#discussion_r1810806345 and forgot to rework it, thanks for catching!

Also, this is actually a node setting ([see comment](https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/16763#discussion_r1799638621)), so I removed "cluster-wide" part. 
cc @henrikingo, @proddata.

Moreover, we can use default only if "iss" is defined. 

Also, providing default `aud` is not enough to make default usable (see `aud` descritption in node.rst)

I rephrased it.

``username`` - user name in a third party app.

The token's ``iss``, ``username`` and ``aud`` values must match the
corresponding values within CrateDB.

> 
> CrateDB uses values from :ref:`jwt_defaults` if default ``iss`` is set.
> If default ``iss`` is not defined, it will use the values specified at the
> individual user level via the ``CREATE USER`` statement.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the rephrase. But I struggle a bit with `default`, I would understand it better when calling it `global`. If this is only me, ignore
```suggestion

CrateDB uses values from :ref:`jwt_defaults` if the global ``iss`` setting is set.
If the global ``iss`` setting is not defined, it will use the values specified at the
individual user level via the ``CREATE USER`` statement.
```

The token's ``iss``, ``username`` and ``aud`` values must match the
corresponding values within CrateDB.

CrateDB uses :ref:`jwt_defaults` if they are defined or values defined on a

> user level via ``CREATE USER`` if defaults are not defined.

Reviewer: They aren't really defaults if its the only thing that will be used?

Maybe "global jwt settings"? What would @proddata call it?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CrateDB uses the cluster-wide :ref:`jwt_defaults` if they are configured. If no cluster defaults are defined, it will use the values specified at the individual user level via the ``CREATE USER`` statement.
```

``CREATE USER`` statement, the cluster id is used and must match the token's
``aud`` value. See :ref:`create-user-jwt` for details.

For users, created without JWT properties,
ref:`default JWT values <external_auth>` are used.
``iss`` and ``aud`` must match default values.
``username`` field defines CrateDB user.

> 

Reviewer 4: I think the above text should also be modified slightly to account for the changes.
For example:

```diff
diff --git a/docs/admin/auth/methods.rst b/docs/admin/auth/methods.rst
index 230ddb639cf..d1640225898 100644
--- a/docs/admin/auth/methods.rst
+++ b/docs/admin/auth/methods.rst
@@ -118,11 +118,11 @@ external service.
 
 The external service is responsible for issuing a `JWT`_ access token for the
 user. The user then provides this token, prefixed with ``Bearer`` in the
 ``Authorization`` HTTP header to CrateDB.
 CrateDB will validate the token and match it to a user created with ``CREATE
-USER`` with ``JWT`` properties that match those of the provided ``JWT`` token.
+USER``.
 
 Token must contain the following claims:
 
 ``kid`` - `Key ID`_.
 
@@ -130,14 +130,19 @@ Token must contain the following claims:
 
 ``aud`` - `aud`_.
 
 ``username`` - user name in a third party app.
 
-``iss``, ``username`` and ``aud`` values must match the values created by
-``CREATE USER`` statement. If ``aud`` has not been defined on the
-``CREATE USER`` statement, the cluster id is used and must match the token's
-``aud`` value. See :ref:`create-user-jwt` for details.
+The token's ``iss``, ``username`` and ``aud`` values must match the
+corresponding values within CrateDB.
+CrateDB uses either the values defined on a user level via ``CREATE USER`` or if
+absent the global configuration.
+
+If ``aud`` defaults to the cluster id if absent from both the user definition
+and the global configuration.
+
+See :ref:`create-user-jwt` and LINK_TO_GLOBAL_CONFIG for details.
 
 It's recommended to have ``exp`` (`expiration date`_ as epoch seconds) in the
 header. If it's provided, the token's expiration date will be checked against
 the local system's time in UTC.
 ```

Author: I applied it in https://github.com/crate/crate/pull/16763/commits/ecac57c5cf6e8ec84c3da68ffeda38c432e2de9d but removed original text as it's basically repetition of the same thing. 

So current version already covers everything in a single sentence.
